
Hi,
I hope you can help. For a few weeks now my reader hasnt been showing new posts from all the blogs I follow.
I only knew this was happening because I wondered what had happened to a regular blogger I hadnt seen for a while and went directly to their blog only to find there were several recent posts that just hadnt shown in the reader.
This is happening not only to more than a few blogs I follow but also to several other people as well as I posted about it on my blog last week. 
Here
It is happening on android AND apple apps and on pc reader too.Yes, everything is up to date as I checked.
Please fix this as not only is it very frustrating but its also very time consuming to hunt down individual blogs to check for new posts, especially when you follow a lot. It also defeats the whole purpose of having the reader function
Thank you

The blog I need help with is oldmamoon.wordpress.com. 
I'm having the same problem. So far, I'm noticing it with Blogger blogs that I follow. I've only had WordPress for about a week. I am migrating from Blogger and that is how I noticed there seems to be a significant delay in getting several posts to show up from different blogs in the WordPress Reader. Just this morning there are 3 posts that have not shown up yet from 3 different Blogger blogs.


For me it's all WordPress blogs.  I didn't know you could follow Blogger blogs from here lol.


It seems I've been having the same problem, I have noticed after going on peoples blogs that I haven't visited for a while that there are a lot of posts that I haven't been aware of due to the reader missing/skipping them!
I have set my profile to not receive email notifications due to it clogging up my emails as I follow a lot of people ... However this does not mean I dont want to know about their posts!
I hope you can look into this WordPress.
Thankyou


I am writing to let you know that I also have this problem with the WordPress Reader. I have tried several things to remedy this. I have gone to the Blogs I Follow under Edit and refreshed each one by liking them manually, as well as by bringing them each up, thinking this would bring them into my Reader.
However, this did not solve my issue, as with the others commenting. I use an Android as well as Windows 8 OS.
I have seen several bloggers blogging on this issue as well.
Anything that can be done to fix the Reader would be appreciated to get all blogs followed in the Reader.
Thank you so much in advance,
CCChanel41


I am writing to let you know that I also have this problem with the WordPress Reader. I have tried several things to remedy this. I have gone to the Blogs I Follow under Edit and refreshed each one by liking them manually, as well as by bringing them each up, thinking this would bring them into my Reader.
However, this did not solve my issue, as with the others commenting. I use an Android as well as Windows 8 OS.
I have seen several bloggers blogging on this issue as well.
Anything that can be done to fix the Reader would be appreciated to get all blogs followed in the Reader.
Thank you so much in advance,
CCChanel41


Same issue here, please help. This is something I use and depend on daily.


Similar problems here as well. Would love to see a solution


Thanks everyone for bringing this to our attention.
Could you provide me with some links to specific sites you've noticed this happening for?  That will help us determine what's causing the problem.


Hi lizthefair,It is really hit or miss for me. I have some I get in email, but those also show up in my Reader as well most times. One I have not seen in my Reader at all that I regularly follow at all times that just disappeared is
https://blondewritemore.wordpress.com/
Others include:
http://2helpfulguys.com/
https://howdoyousaytacoinspanish.wordpress.com/ (hit and miss)
https://oldmamoon.wordpress.com/
http://theoldfellowgoesrunning.com/ (never shows in reader, I get in email and am a close follower)
https://whenihadaseahorse.wordpress.com/
These are some that I went through and know are missing. Some always, some hit and miss. As I mentioned before, I know I have seen others blog about missing posts in the Reader and their frustration of not having them in it. I am not sure how exactly the Reader functions, but as I say, some of these have never shown. I do hope these links help you. Thank you for your attention and help.
Sincerely,
CCChanel41


Thanks ccchanel41, this is a good start.  I'm going to wait and see if we get some additional sites from the other people in this thread, and then send everything to the people working on the reader on Monday.


This could explain why the number of views dropped significantly for me and some people have not shown up until they subscribed to my own post newsletter...


It's very hit and miss for me too. For instance, I was seeing all the posts for this blog https://vickyandherdogs.wordpress.com/  but then for two weeks, they just didnt show in the reader. Now they seem to be showing again.
Same for this blog http://dodgysurfer.com/ 
It's not that they haven't posted, because I went and looked.
Others I am not seeing all of the posts are:
http://gonecatawampus.com/
https://kittencrafts.wordpress.com/  (This one hasn't posted for 4 months, but I guess that's how long the problem has been going on because I did not see the last 2 posts this blog made)
https://dayzha.wordpress.com/
https://painfullyawareblog.wordpress.com/
http://uncletreeshouse.com/
https://blueinsomniak.wordpress.com/
https://writeitonmywall.wordpress.com/
http://dancingpalmtrees.com/ (more hit but some misses)
http://julieunfiltered.com/
https://rebirthofclarity.wordpress.com/ (becoming hit and miss)
https://telephantitroom.wordpress.com/
https://orionwriter.wordpress.com/
https://anonymousxgrl.wordpress.com/
https://hayleyisrising.wordpress.com/
https://vlkw2pen.wordpress.com/
https://stoddame.wordpress.com/
https://ccchanel41.wordpress.com/
https://mysticallunarose.wordpress.com/
https://fibrofastforward.wordpress.com/
https://joslynedecker.wordpress.com/
https://runesandrhinestones.wordpress.com/
https://cjohera.wordpress.com/
https://purlsforfm.wordpress.com/
https://trishapearson.wordpress.com/
https://painfighter.wordpress.com/
http://thebluebrick.ca/
https://playswithwords.wordpress.com/
http://dddangerous.com/
https://makingitfakingit.wordpress.com/
https://lindsuhbellslalaland.wordpress.com/
https://hipstrella.wordpress.com/
http://unconfirmedbachelorette.com/
https://melkp.wordpress.com/
https://hersey97.wordpress.com/
https://maxdamagejr.wordpress.com/
http://yadadarcyyada.com/
https://fibrofightersfullforceforward.wordpress.com/
http://emotionalistdiaries.com/
https://abodyofhope.wordpress.com/
http://lifeinprogress15.com/
Ok - I have been at this for 2 hours now, and I still have a load to go through but I can't give it any more time.
I follow approx 260 blogs, but the list above seems like wayyy to many to me, that are not showing up.
A lot of the people I follow have chronic pain and they blog for support. It's very difficult to give support if their posts just aren't being seen.
But you can see from the comments on my recent posts about this problem with the Reader, that there are more people than have posted here, are also having the same issue. You can also see from comments that one of my posts about this problem didnt show up on the reader for everyone.
It looks like you guys have a mammoth task ahead :( But thank you for taking a look.
Please keep us up to date?
Many thanks


This is plenty of data.  Thank you both so much for providing URLs.  I'll let you know what we find out.


@medran001
 Please do NOT hijack threads and post anything off-topic into them. Please use this link to create your own thread that we will help your separately in https://en.forums.wordpress.com/?new=1


P.S. It is possible that what you posted may be relevant to what's in this thread, so perhaps waiting for Staff to make the call prior to creating a new thread is the way to go.


Thank you lizthefair,
oldamoon did an amazing job at providing URL's. I hope mine are able to help in some way. I am not technical at all. Thank you for taking the time to help. I do enjoy the Reader very much with WP.
Sincerely,
CCChanel41


Hi time chief it is relevant to this thread. I have checked with some of my relevant readers (and the original person starting this thread who also follows my blog) and they are having the same issue with my blog...
A bit more politeness would be great next time...


Long ago this issue used to occur with scheduled posts. If you're scheduling your posts and your subscribers are not getting your emails, try posting live and see if that helps.


Raincoaster,
This problem has nothing to do with the emails received by subscribers. It is that blog posts are not showing up in the Reader.


Thanks everyone for the data.
I talked to to the developers who work on the reader about this and based on the "sometimes works, sometimes doesn't" nature of the problem, I think you are having trouble with a "gap" issue that they are working on.
Right now, if you visit the reader and then go away for a couple days and come back, we show the most recent 7 posts, then the 7 from a few days ago and gap in the middle.  
To avoid the gap, refresh your reader page before you start reading.  That will force the reader to fill in the missing posts.
As I said we are working on a real fix for this on our end as well, but in the meantime, refreshing will help you avoid missing posts.


Thank you for letting me know its being looked into. However 'the gap' as you have described cannot be the reason. I use the reader to read blogs every day, sometimes more than once a day.
Also, I have had feedback from other that they didnt see posts of mine but they had used the reader that day because they had commented on blogs that we both follow. Also, posts have been missing from prolific bloggers who may make more than one post a day. Then the post shows up the next time I use the reader.


 I use the reader to read blogs every day, sometimes more than once a day.
Do you leave the reader in an open tab, or do you open it from scratch every time?
Then the post shows up the next time I use the reader.
This is what makes me think it's part of the same gap issue--that the reader isn't pulling every post, every time--except when the browser is hard refreshed.
I'll keep digging, to be sure.  In the meantime, could you also refresh your browser window before you read each time, and let me know if that makes a difference?
One more thing:  Are you using the reader primarily on your desktop or on mobile?  If it's mobile, could you tell me which mobile device(s) you use?  Do you see the problem more often one place or the other?


I open it fresh each time from my mobile - I have a Samsung Galaxy Fame. On my laptop (windows 8.1 OS) it varies.
But yes, I will try refreshing next time I am in my laptop.
Thank you


Thank you lizthefair,
I also use every day as well. I do not leave it open, but I do not sign in and out of WP. I will start doing that and also use the refresh button as well. Thank you for looking at the problem. :)
CCChanel41


Also having this problem! I use a Macbook, and my phone is an Android 4 Mini. A lot of them just aren't showing up. I know for sure these: 
whennothinggoeswrite.com
dangerosajones.wordpress.com
http://www.lilithsaintcrow.com/daily-grind/
because I have them on email alert, and it will show up in my email, but not in my reader. I know for a fact there are more, but I'm not sure what they are because they're not showing up. 
Thank you for looking into this.


aspirationsofflight--thanks for the additional info.
Could you try hard refreshing as well?  I went into your account and was able to find the most recent post from dangerosajones.wordpress.com.
That having been said, you follow a lot of very active blogs, so the combo of the "gap" problem and the shear number of posts in your reader means it's probably going to be difficult for you to see every single post from all 400 blogs your follow.  Getting e-mail notices for the most important posts and reading the rest in the reader is probably going to work best for your personally.


Wow, I didn't even know I followed that many. Maybe it's time to weed. 
The gap problem is good to know! Does a hard refresh need to be anything besides clicking the refresh button next to the URL in the browser?


Does a hard refresh need to be anything besides clicking the refresh button next to the URL in the browser?
Just clicking the button should do it!


Thank you!


some text in my site remain in chinese. i need to translate them to english.

The blog I need help with is snehablogging.wordpress.com. 
How do i amend the theme and add on plug ins when on the dashboard. The theme doesn't seem to support the functionality to add any plugins? is that because its a free theme?
I also want to have more than one section on the site as a portfolio section- how can i so this?

The blog I need help with is laurabrown1989.wordpress.com. 
This is similar to other complaints about the "new" editor feature but different because I found it tolerable until the last couple days when a layout change placed the content window as 3-line text box positioned at the bottom of the screen (with lots of unused space above).  When I type past the 3rd line, the text is below the window and the text window doesn't show scroll bars.   The browser window has scroll bar but it scrolls the side panels instead of the text window.   I cannot use the new editor to create any new post.   Even if the text window had a scroll bar, it needs to show a lot more than 3 lines to compose paragraphs.
Again the editor was workable (tolerable) up until just recently.  The page formatting is not working.
Using latest Chrome.

The blog I need help with is hypothesis-discovery.com. 
Yes also experiencing difficulty with formatting documents with the new editor the blue light blue editor considered just today the problem started the opening of the first document from my websites was open to the old editor instead of the new editor suggesting to me that the new editor would not work as well and it didn't


How can i embed https://www.thinglink.com ? I would like to use thinglink pictures, but my blog only show the picture without the marks - please help
Thank you an have a nice day!

The blog I need help with is dasgewispertewort.wordpress.com. 
Today my Stats page began grouping all of the European countries as 'European Union.'  I would prefer to see Views by specific country, as in the past. It's more helpful to know which readers I am reaching by location. Is it possible to filter my Stats to reveal this data? Thanks!

The blog I need help with is petalspapersimplethymes.wordpress.com. 
Para direcionar meu blog para o meu dominio é preciso pagar o serviço à wordpress, sendo que ja pago serviço de hospedagem?

The blog I need help with is eligiofotografias.wordpress.com. 
Is the old editor now gone? I can't seem to reset to it.

The blog I need help with is afeatheradrift.wordpress.com. 
Hi Guys,
Im pretty new to WordPress and i was wondering if it was possible to get plugins on a free account? i am using the Hemingway Rewritten theme and not sure if its because i have a free account or the theme Im using.
thanks

The blog I need help with is mickeysboatyard.wordpress.com. 
Hi Guys,
Im pretty new to WordPress and i was wondering if it was possible to get plugins on a free account? i am using the Hemingway Rewritten theme and not sure if its because i have a free account or the theme Im using.
thanks

The blog I need help with is mickeysboatyard.wordpress.com. 
This is the second time now that I have hit "save draft" on a post I am working on and instead of saving, the whole post is deleted and I have to rewrite everything. It's really really annoying and if it keeps happening I am going to close my account with WordPress. Any advice?

The blog I need help with is traveldance.net. 
I have been using the old posting format without problems. 
Today, that option has been removed.  
Why?
The "new format" is problematic and cumbersome.
The older publishing platform did not have issues that caused security features in my browser to alert me every few minutes to intrusive programs running in the background. 
With the old format I don't have to recreate categories and tags with each new post.  
I have hundreds that I need and use every day but the established categories  do not  show up.  Yes, I see that  drop down menu, but it only offers 6 choices.  What happened to the category list already created?
It is important that I be able to set the time for each post.  It is my system for ordering my work and has nothing to do with "scheduling". 
There are numerous other issues that can only be resolved by allowing the choice of working with old editing-posting format.
Without that option, I will be forced to leave WordPress.

The blog I need help with is libya360.wordpress.com. 
UPDATE:
It seems that the editor is only malfunctioning on  some of my websites, not all. 
On libya360.wordpress.com, everything is working smoothly. The speed is much faster compared to the sister sites,  I can see all the  established categories in the drop down and set the publication time.
My guess is that you are still working on the changeover and things will normalize soon?


The new format sucks.....Options are left out...for example, I'm unable to tag new pages to a home page....I'm sure there are people who like the new format....but there are a lot, I'm sure, who, like myself, do not....I hate it....give us the option to use the Classic mode...


Today, that option has been removed.
Why?
Nope, you can always find the classic editor.
See here: https://en.forums.wordpress.com/topic/new-improved-edit-interface-is-still-deleting-numeric-tags?replies=21#post-2309540


galois, 
The classic option was available yesterday but not today so this is a recent change. WP had promised to keep the option open. For some reason it's been closed, at least on my website.


The classic option was available yesterday but not today so this is a recent change. WP had promised to keep the option open. For some reason it's been closed, at least on my website.
I understand you and I know about this.
But the classic option is still available for you.
From here: https://cloudup.com/cfMJ02ama_r


When I select edit on my post, it automatically goes to that new bee-bo-boop format and I have no way to switch to the classic editor at that time.  There should be a button on that page to switch the view, like it used to.  Now, I have to go to my classic site, find all of my posts and then edit from there, instead of using the quick edit link that is on the posts.  You've just made it so much harder to use wordpress.
Please do not default to that crappy new editor.   I want the original editor to be my default 
thank you


Or see here: https://en.forums.wordpress.com/topic/new-improved-edit-interface-is-still-deleting-numeric-tags?replies=23#post-2310052


Again, @cbiancardi:
See here: https://cloudup.com/cfMJ02ama_r
or here: https://en.forums.wordpress.com/topic/new-improved-edit-interface-is-still-deleting-numeric-tags?replies=23#post-2310052


again, @galois, you aren't understanding - I have no default button on that crappy new editor to flip me back to the classic one.  I don't care that I can jump thru hoops to get to the classic editor - I didn't have to do that before.  I do not want the bee-boop editor as my default.    I already know that I can go thru several clicks to get to the old editor.  What I want is my user experience that I had recently - which I didn't have to do all of these things to just edit a page.
unless you have a solution to that, I will wait for someone in tech support to respond.


As long as the new editor continues to delete posts the way it does, it's my opinion that it should be taken offline completely until fixed. It's irresponsible.


https://itf1011.wordpress.com
I totally agree.
For the third time this evening I have made extensive changes to a post or page, only for the save or post/publish act to only part fill the 'new' green progress bar at the top and then simply stop, rendering my new work lost in limbo, neither saved, published, nor retrievable without a page refresh (which results in a blank editor).
I am furious. 
I now need to re-work the entire piece again.  I am now forced to copy and paste my work into WordPress if it cannot be relied upon to save it successfully.
I have noticed a significant amount of change over recent months, none of which seems to add any quantifiable value, and indeed seems to lessen user experience.
I am becoming increasingly frustrated with the barrage of change for no apparent reason.
The list of things that now aggravate me is extensive, so I shall not list it here.
It was all awesome as it was about a year ago.  Now we have nice new jazzy editors and menus and I like none of it.
Stop changing things!
If it ain't broke don't fix it.
Change for change sake is the worst kind of change.


@cbiancardi: I am a volunteer and was trying to help you find the way to the classic editor.
Do not discharge your anger to me.


I will wait for someone in tech support to respond.
Keep dreaming, @cbiancardi


I can't find a better place to post this so here goes - like some others I'm struggling with the new editor, got very used to the old but I do understand things change and I need to change with them. What I want to do is to change dates on my posts. I run a lost and found site for animals in Darwin (Australia) and I want to repost those animals which have been lost for a long time. Under the reschedule it appears I can only reschedule for a time in the future and not for the immediate. I used to be able to do this with the classic editor. I really don't want to recreate the whole post which is the only way I can see of doing it. Do I need to download new software?
Really hoping somebody can help. I'm sure I'll have further questions as time goes on. many thanks telaf


Please please please please let us get back to the old editor dearest WordPress. I am lost on this new one. The old one was so easy and now I can't get it back..... :-(


I'm reading that there are a series of clicks I can make to get back to classic editor now that the button is gone. Can anyone tell me what those clicks are? I will happily click away to get back there...
Thank you!


Please re-instate the option to switch......
.... And stop fiddling with things.


If you go to the old style Dashboard and select add New Post then you get the old style editor (with the option to beep boop bump).
If you go to the  old style Dashboard and select the list of Posts, then you can edit your post using the old style editor.
I have a horrible feeling about this. I hope I'm wrong.....


@galois - my anger is not "being" discharged towards you.  If you had bothered to read my post, you would have seen that I already know how to "get" back to the classic editor.
You didn't bother to read my posts.  Volunteer or no, if one doesn't bother to read what the issue is, then there isn't much help there if the problem isn't being handled.  You are just repeating the same thing over and over again, and not responding to the question.  If you don't have the answer, then please don't respond to it with a canned response.  You are wasting your volunteer time


I am fairly pi**ed off about this too, but lets direct our energies towards getting the option back. (Lets hope it doesnt take as long as last time).
In the meantime, I spent 20 minutes looking for an add-on that would help. I think someone told us about something like this last time. Not sure.
Anyway, if installed the  firefox add-on
 URL link 
 that allows you to transform the link to the new editor, to the one for the old editor.
This means that you can right-click on any Edit post button and go directly to the old editor.
I know its not a solution, but it is a work-around. (You would need one for each of your blogs). I will give more details if anyone is interested.


@knashermac2009 I would love details on that!  Would that work for the free version of wordpress?   thank you so much!


@cbiancardi Yes  it will work!
1. Download and enable the firefox add-on URL Link 2.04.03
2. From the list of add-ons, find URL Link and click on Options
3. Click on th e"Edit Menu" tab and add a new entry
 Edit Post|https://yourWebSiteURL/wp-admin/post.php?post=*&action=edit
(Edit Post is what you will later. The stuff after the | is the link to the classic editor. The * will be the post_id)
4. Click on the "Edit Search and Replace String" tab and add a new entry
https://wordpress.com/post/yourWebSiteCode/||
The bit before the || is the link to the new editor without the post id. Link URL is going to remove this (leaving the post_id). You can obtain yourWebSiteCode (a 7 digit number) by hovering over a link to the new editor (as in New Post or Edit Post).
5. Click OK. I removed all the other entries in both menus to remove clutter.
6. Now, when you go into your blog, right-click on any edit button and hover over "Open Selection". You'll see "Unaltered" plus all the items from the Edit Menu in URL Link (including Edit Post). Select the latter.


Please Reinstate the Option of Choice to Use the Old Publishing Format -- strongly echoed


We all appreciate what volunteers do, but I sometimes think that this system is reinforcing WP's already bad habits. The volunteers get a lot of the anger which WP should be feeling itself.


I would like to speak for a subgroup of bloggers on WordPress.
I blog anonymously and in private browsing windows.  When I close my browser, the cache is deleted.  Since the new editor apparently stores drafts in a computer's cache, the new editor is absolutely not an option for me.
Now imagine all those college students who have to use campus computer labs... you know, those students who don't have their own computer or smart phone.  (Yes, plenty of those still exist in spite of the proliferation of such technology among youth.)
If the new editor had been the only visible option when I started blogging, I would not have stayed on WordPress for more than a day.  It wouldn't have been feasible.  (Having been here for a while, I know there are workarounds.  A newbie wouldn't realize that.)


@bumblepuppies ... so with the new editor, if the cache is emptied you lose all your drafts?? I have dozens of drafts. They are my "lab" for future posts. Am I going to lose them once the classic editor is shut down?? This is the worst thing I have heard yet. Anyone??


@davidderrick-Who said anything about the Classic Editor being shut down?


@davidderrick
That is my understanding.  The workaround would be to publish your drafts, but schedule them for a time that's 100 years into the future.


It would be foolish to assume the classic editor is staying, no?


If I already have a website hosted elsewhere , can I buy a new template and host at WP?   What about using the same domain name while I am working on the new site.?  How can I avoid mucking up the current site while I am creating the new site?
If I have a Premium WP site, can I add eco merge to it or do I have to purchase the business hosting package?

The blog I need help with is studio34artists.wordpress.com. 
Hi, I have a question about the viewer count on my Stats page.
At the moment, a have a post that went sort of viral (for my standards) on Facebook, and I have a lot more viewers than I've had ever before.
When I watched my stats, the viewer count was at 800 and counting. When it reached 900, it was suddenly set aback to 800 again.
This means, my Stats viewer count doesn't count my viewers properly any more.
Why did this happen?

The blog I need help with is kleesbutterfly.com. 
Dear wordpress team,
I have a self hosted blog which I have set up for jetpack monitoring. However it was shut down by my hosting, and I dont want to re-enable it.
MY problem is that the jetpack monitoring is still active and I am getting a lot of emails about the blog. Please remove the blog from my wordpress account and from jetpack monitoring as well.
The url is: glossary.domonkoshorvath.eu

The blog I need help with is glossary.domonkoshorvath.eu. 
Good afternoon,
I have been trying to customize my blog at larissakim.com but I am having troubles with the Untitled Theme. I have been searching the forums, but nothing has worked so far.
Firstly, I want to use a smaller header image, but when I do so, It is on the left, with black space on the right. I want to centralize it so that the black space is even on all sides.
I would also like to centralize the menu, does anybody know how to do this?
Also, My blog's appearance has changed for some reason recently, with all the widgets, the side-bar, and all text except for the actual posts appear too large. How can I make the font smaller?
I would also like it if only the first part of posts were showing, with a "read more" button under, so that you wouldn't have to scroll down for the whole text. 
Finally, is this theme possible to optimize on the phone? It still looks quite bad on my phone, and the header is barely visible.
I apologize if these questions seem elementary, but I am a beginner at this and quite bad with codes, can somebody help?
Any answers much appreciated. Thank you for your time. 
Best regards,
Larissa

The blog I need help with is larissakim.com. 
The blog I need help with is larissakim.com.
Hi, you are in the wrong forum.
This forum is for blogs/sites hosted by WordPress.com
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and different http://support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
And you should ask in the WordPress.org forum.
http://wordpress.org/support/


larissakim.com is a dot com site though...


Hi I want to make the title of my site bigger. I have no technology knowledge and am very scared of what to do in case I do it wrong I am a complete beginner. How do I make the title bigger?
https://beckyclarkeinteriors.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php?return=%2Fwp-admin%2Fthemes.php

The blog I need help with is beckyclarkeinteriors.wordpress.com. 
Hello
I imported a xml-file yesterday on https://skipperstories.wordpress.com and the import seems to be stuck. I need help to reset it so I can import again.
Thanks in advance

The blog I need help with is skipperstories.wordpress.com. 
Estou tentando organizar meu blog, com o tema Resonar tem a função de cabeçalho deslizante, mas não está funcionando. Já fiz outras perguntas sem resposta.

The blog I need help with is eligiofotografias.wordpress.com. 
IS THERE ANY WORDPRESS PLUGIN LIKE THIS PLEASE SEE PICTURE
http://s7.postimg.org/hs3y5efq3/image.png


Hi, you are in the wrong forum.
This forum is for blogs/sites hosted by WordPress.com
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and different http://support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
And you should ask in the WordPress.org forum.
http://wordpress.org/support/


ok thank you..  for your support..


I'm trying to register, submitted my credit card info, got a prompt that said, "Are you sure you want to do this?" with nowhere to answer "yes,," and find that there is no customer service! I have to go through a public forum? That's crazy! Am considering using another service if I have to go through a public forum for something this basic.

The blog I need help with is elizabethbobrick.wordpress.com. 
I have a website and domain name. I am replacing it with a new WP template. How can I buy the template and add content and get it ready to launch without messing up the site that's still there ?

The blog I need help with is studio34artists.wordpress.com. 
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and have different username accounts, logins, features, run different versions of some themes with the same names, and have separate support documentation and separate support forums. Read the differences here http://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
All blogs hosted by WordPress.COM wearing the same theme are using the same template.  The only themes we can use on WordPress.com hosted blogs are licensed and adapted to run on our multiuser software the themes are found here http://wordpress.com/themes/ and in your dashboard at > Appearance > Themes
There is no FTP access to free hosted WordPress.com blogs for security reasons and we cannot:
upload any third party themes,
create child themes,
create our own themes,
edit templates,
create own own layouts,
or use stylesheets from other themes.
Relevant support docs:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/ftp-access/
http://en.support.wordpress.com/themes/adding-new-themes/
There is no upgrade you can purchase here that changes that reality.
Are you referring to https://studio34artists.wordpress.com/ ?
I need to know the exact URL of this website to provide an accurate answer.


I will try to be more clear .  I have a website currently hosted by Netfirms.   I would like to replace it with a new WP template using the same domain.
How can I purchase a WP template and work on it but not publish it till it's finished ? In other words I don't want to overwrite the current site.
Thanks


I will try to be more clear . I have a website currently hosted by Netfirms. 
Again, you are in the wrong forum.
This forum is for blogs/sites hosted by WordPress.com
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and different http://support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
And you should ask in the WordPress.org forum.
http://wordpress.org/support/


I did not know that WP hosts sites.


I did not know that WP hosts sites.
Ok, read:
Premium hosting, security, and backups are included.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/


Hi, everyone!
Is it posible to modify Robots.txt in the wordpress.com platform. That is, the free services provided by WordPress.
Thanks

The blog I need help with is deolasycopos.wordpress.com. 
Hi there. We don't have any FTP access, so can't edit any of your site's files. http://en.support.wordpress.com/ftp-access/
What exactly is the problem? Did you get an error message in Webmaster Tools? Looking at other threads on this topic it seems a temporary error is normal after changing a site from private to public. See https://en.support.wordpress.com/?s=robots.txt
If that's not the case here, please provide more information on the exact error you're seeing.


Thank you for your response.
The thing is tha I have just created a new blog, outside, the free wordpress platform. I have exported/imported all the articles and I do not want to be penalized by Google because of double content.
As they stated in their recomendations, it is better to include in the robots.txt rel="canonical" than disabled the scan of all robots.


You can include that on your NEW site, but not on a WordPress.com site.


Ok.  The interesting thing for me would be to include it on wp.com to presente my new site as original.


I bought a "Domain Mapping" and a "Premium Theme" by error. I asked for a refund on the same day. I did receive the refund for the Premium Theme, but never received the one for Domain Mapping.
Following the process on the Web site, I clicked on "Contact WordPress.com Support" but I'm redirected to "Support page" of wordpress.com... which is telling to click on "Contacting Support" to get refung.. that leads me to the "Support page" again!!!
Is there a way to contact the billing depart. of WordPress (by e-mail, phone or someway with an interactive option)?!?!?!??!!?

The blog I need help with is concretisateur.wordpress.com. 
I recently started a new blog and made it my primary blog in "My blogs" the dashboard. However, when I make a comment on another user's blog, it shows that my blog is the old one.
How can I change it so that my comments display my correct, current blog?

The blog I need help with is thisbrother.wordpress.com. 
The issue is openID. I started a new blog, and then transferred the old blog to another user.
In the dashboard my openID displays correctly as thisbrother.wordpress.com. However when I comment on anyone's blog (including my own) my comments link me back to my former blog.
Can anyone help with this?


Hi guys, I really need to change my name to KrisTech instead of KrisTechTV but the username is already taken. After checking the web address I noticed the owner of that site has not used the site for a long time and has no activity. Is there a way to clear that account so I could get the username??

The blog I need help with is kristechtv.wordpress.com. 
When I share a post on Facebook, I don't want the initial lines of my article to appear with the post. Rather I want my own message to appear.
How to do it?

The blog I need help with is bilalmalik075.wordpress.com. 
Hi there. The only way to do this is to post your link to Facebook manually. Then you should be able to delete/edit the preview. But there's no way to prevent the preview from appearing if you post via Publicize, as Facebook controls how posts shared that way are displayed.


Even if you post manually, an excerpt will appear.


@raincoaster
True, but you have the option to delete it if you wait for the preview to generate before you click Post.


@kokkieh and raincoaster
Thanks for the reply. So how do I generate a link for my posts?


@bilalmalik001
View the post (single post, not home page) in your browser and copy the link in the browser address bar. Then go to Facebook and paste the link as your status, be it on your profile or your page. If you wait a little Facebook should generate the preview from the link (sometimes if the connection is poor this doesn't happen). If you click on the preview you should be able to edit it, or click the x in the corner of the preview to remove it. Only click Post once you're finished editing the preview.


Thank you soooooooooooooooo much. I am really happy I did it. I have been searching for the answer for the past one month but you solved the matter within 24 hours.
May Allah bless you :)


I'm glad I could help :)


¿cómo accedo a mi blog?
Soy el administrador del blog http://fontoralzer.wordpress.com/ y no me permite acceder y hacer publicaciones.  Mi correo es [email redacted] y la página de Facebook es http://www.facebook.com/LaleyYmiSecreto , Gracias.

The blog I need help with is fontoralzer.wordpress.com. 
Please, post to Español (Spanish) https://es.forums.wordpress.com/


Hi, I'm trying to change the Name servers with custom name server. I do, I save, and it seems it's updated, but if I refresh the page the option goes back to "Use WordPress.com name servers"

The blog I need help with is utkikk.wordpress.com. 
I am purchasing a premium template.   It will be used to replace a current website soon.  Meanwhile can the new template be loaded to my Netfirms host without changing the current site?  How do I purchase a template and work on it while not changing the current site until the new one is completed and ready to publish?

The blog I need help with is studio34artists.wordpress.com. 
I am purchasing a premium template. It will be used to replace a current website soon. Meanwhile can the new template be loaded to my Netfirms host without changing the current site?
Hi, you are in the wrong forum.
This forum is for blogs/sites hosted by WordPress.com
WordPress.COM and WordPress.ORG are completely separate and different http://support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
And you should ask in the WordPress.org forum.
http://wordpress.org/support/

